where are you [Music]
scho something in the dree at the Greek big something in the
drink something in the drink at the Greek P something in the
drink the in the water it's probably not what you think fresh out the
municipality treatment seter to the sink are the mass is drugged could it be
Satan if you want that christening it's going to come through the blood on a
thorn if you're nurturing that logos I'm with the compania I found the discarded
aphrodi and Backus there's floros cyc acid in your water as I stated back up
in the business Teddy Bas ER the Cal for my lady media the queen of
Babylon something in the drink at the greef picnic something in the
[Music] drink something in the drink at the Greek
picnic something in the drink welcome back to Lady Babylon it's
so nice nice to have you now tonight I've got a whole bunch of great sources lined up and then we're going to go s
take a little walk and see Gnostic informant who will be waiting for us um
it's so nice I want to say thank you to everybody who's involved in this Enterprise because we all know this is
bigger than just some lunatic broadcasting from his kitchen we know
that you guys who are um working on the transcripts everybody who is involved in
the process that the museum is going through um thank you uh for your
dedication and your hard work for which you will never be paid a dime um thank
you thank you very much it's sacred Duty and we all know it is so everybody who
is involved in the process of bringing these sources to your brothers and
sisters thank you very much thank you the museum is coming back tonight I want
to start with something just a little light to Edge Us in by the way thanks Teddy thanks for the tunes love it um
let's go right in right in tonight to a little bitty this is like an appetizer
right it's an appetizer and just wait just wait the time machine is working
and when it gets there we'll be ready for the the main event but for now I
want to start with something that I remember telling you do you guys
remember do you guys remember they are going to
find one of these types of psychosis inducing Drugs That's being used in
Antiquity the archaeologists are getting too good just wait for it wait for it
it's coming well it came it came thank you thank you it's
February right where are we chewy where are the Star Charts give us that first one yep oh God
and tonight you're gonna have to blow them all up oh God archaeologists find
evidence of hallucinogenic drug in ancient Rome
fantastic fantastic congratulations to Elaine nice job Elaine writing this
thing up beautiful go hit the next one chewy what's going to happen here what are the archaeologists going to take
tell us oh this is so exciting this is so exciting Boom the scholars make the
discoveries that so and so place it's a site in the Netherlands it was inhabited
from the 6th Century BC you can forget the E none of us care um through the
century SE what is that that's anal Domin babies yeah you know how we do it
we don't use their lingo they don't like that but I don't care when it was under Roman rule rule the findings comprise a
990 to 110 anod Domin basket or fish trap buried face down with the plant and
a polished and hollowed sheep or goat femur containing around 1,000 black
henbane seeds hey somebody somebody stop that guy he can't do that here right
outside the concert what's he doing with all of those drugs um this is the jackpot people this is exactly the drug
that I told you we would see come to
life the hands of the archaeologist look at that that was 100% accuracy you got
to give me that one oh love it now wait there's a lot more that you and I know
about the drugs and guess what's going to happen yeah watch go back to that
quote for a second there chewy I don't mean to step on your toes here go ahead
boom yes um what can you tell us well there's 1,000 black henbane seeds right
and it's in this thing U you know it's in a little carrying case isn't that nice an ancient drug carrying case
hollowed out femur that's pretty cool I wouldn't mind having some bit of you
know Antiquity like that oh can you smell that can you smell that they hate
that they hate that over overseas they hate that in in in the is on the island
they do they're they're too they're too sophisticated for that right their
Scholars wouldn't look into it so they missed the boat but we're GNA get
fortunate and find it oh God I love this stuff look what else did they say what's
the next one she said something else what's the genius here there's there's a professor here who is this Dr Goot Dr
Goo Dr nice job here's the what I particularly like about this find is the
potential link between medicinal knowledge described by Roman authors in Roman Italy and people actually using
the plant in a small village on the edge of the Empire right oh isn't that nice well
noting that although she cannot rule out its consumption before the Roman period
it is tempting to classify the drug as a Roman introduction no no no no stop stop
no that's not what's going to happen now see it was good Dr Goot that you found
it that you found it right now just wait just wait it's coming what
let's show Dr Goot the drug let's bring up the next one please yeah is that the
oh well here no this is the one go there Dr goo look what I'm going to put up
here for you this is just for you and me thanks for coming tonight by the way Dr go it's nice to have you here um look
here's your drug whoos right and what is the hos skos
it's the Kos dios you didn't know that it's God's drug you know what that kamos
is oh I'm afraid to tell you because you're gonna say that's
dirty breast buds the breast Bud of the god do you
know what the breast Bud of the God does to you you're about to see ready watch this
blow that up to I need to run through this list of names look at these people what do they call this drug they call it
the ponan right following pytho right the traditions of the pythia what else
do they call it they call it oh I'm introducing you tonight they call it Adamas oh that's a Hebrew word no no
it's not no it's not it's an ancient Greek word that was around a thousand
years before the dude who created the sepagan in the 3D Century
BC for he wrote his work so this Adamas
oh are you beginning to see it Satanic congregation are you beginning to see do
you see Adam do you see who he is you were told
his name means mud it doesn't his name means
indestructible permanent lasting who's gonna have to do that the
AA the aa's gonna do that she's the one who's got the cup are you ready are you
ready people and people are like what is he saying I need some kind of summary okay I'm gonna try as your tour guide
everybody off the boat off the boat we're going on the island 2 years ago oh God you smell that
fresh air let's go to the next one oh don't no I mean get keep going keep going with
that one look Dr Goo what else are they use they're calling look how widespread this thing is okay this is the drug that
they were just talking about henbane or helbor Niger black hen uh henbane okay
henbane love it what do they call henbane right what else do they call it
they call it the hypnotic don't you love that they call
it the am manes what does that mean it means to be in a state of mania don't
you want to be in a state of mania how many people out there are drugs from
pharmaceutical companies for their mind guess what it was the Mania that you
were missing oh let's do this what else they call this thing blow that up I'm
gonna finish this chewy what else do they call this thing they call it the maniac drug they call it the drug of
Fury democratus the brain the genius democratus who's Mr atomic theory what
is he doing he's calling it The thomon the dionysiac drug ooh o are we into the
bics are we into the Meads and the or the
ories yes that's exactly where we are what do they call they call the hypnotic the
Bic oh oh here where well look we ended up in a picnic is that a goat is that a
goat I love that okay can we go back to the thanks okay there it is who else
Pythagoras p pagus what you mean Pythagoras was using this dope look
people what I brought you look make love to my words I bring you the voice of
Pythagoras Pythagoras was a junkie a huge
junkie and what did Pythagoras call this drug that's associated with bakic rights
what did he call it oh pull it up pull it up oh look at that look at that
prophet Prophet prophetes then ostanes comes
along what does he do he's another one of these Magus figures um what does he
call it he calls it he uses the thian word people you're going to love this you don't see thian words a lot in Greek
but there are some and here's one zelon right what is what is that mean
well it's their word for oos for wine oh okay so
does the something to you zor asra calls it the typhonian the typhonian oh isn't that
what do the Romans call it the romayo call it listen to the name listen to the name of this drug Dr Goot this is what
you're looking for the Romans call your drug
insania oh you just discovered Dr Goot you just discovered insania
who wants who wants it okay we're gonna have it at the end of the service we're
GNA have it out everybody gets it everybody gets it isn't this great
because where are we where did we come to we came to a mystery cult right we're there we're there
where's Jesus bringing Jesus isn't somebody gonna and I'll do a tap dance while you do that um by the way hey
Jesus oh he's so scary why do they paint him like that he he looks like oh
seriously have a talk with the with those Byzantine artists man there's something wrong um let's uh let's go
ahead and and um we're going to have Neil come so let's go ahead and proceed
that's enough song and dance get us the next one
go here we are back to the text we got to go through this quick um one more
time up there one more time who who else calls it what right the tusco who are probably the
Tuscan that's the right the people in Northern Italy right um they have their
own word for it so it's up there the Egyptians use it and they have their word for it right
Sao Sao oh isn't that nice kind of sounds like safo shut up love it um yeah
and who look the gooy and they have it the dacians they have it hey Dr go the
Dr that you're looking for is all over the place all over the place now that
source is going to be contemporary very conveniently with your findings fantastic check it out check it
out see what's going on love it let's go to the next next slide boom I want to
bring you a text and look this is big and delicious but it's too much for one
person to enjoy so sit here with me and let's get together
and have some fun I'm going to show you something I I say this and I say this in
interviews and people look at me um and they H they're like no they're
shocked and they're like no and you know no matter what I say people always come
back to me and say you know what you were right you were right and but you know they end up
finding a source or something right I'm not here to lie right and I'm not making any money off of this right you don't
have to watch com 20 commercials I don't have to try to sell you hand soap or something I don't want to right I'm
bringing you this with the utmost Integrity because that's what the devil said to do so look what is this thing
it's the toxicon it's a passage from a Greek
physician a Byzantine physician and what is he doing he's describing different
drugs that are being used and their cures and how to treat the symptoms and
he talks about the toxicon I just want to translate for you this has never been
translated into English right so all of you Harvard and all of you know it alls
right thank you you know everything you've never seen this right you've never seen this this is brand new baby
this is ball Paul of Vina show me Paul of ugina ugina is an
island I love it so many beautiful islands um we all need to go there by
the way the entire congregation will be invited in the future to a grand
celebration in Greece time is coming we will be there we will be there oh God I
appreciate you congregation I appreciate you and and everything that you do um
that people don't even see that's going on I love it I love it this is fantastic
so tell us about this toxicon oh great Paul tell us about this and he says well
you know the name of the drugs seems to come from the fact that they are crising
their arrows in the poison they're what they're chising them
look at that second line right fifth word in
that's what they're doing do you understand that Christ is a pharmacological term in Antiquity Jesus
didn't pop up and all of a sudden it was there oh I'm a Christ what you're what
who's that right no it's been around it's been around since media we all know
that by the way I went on Walking Dead no um raising
no hang on oh oh my God Wake the Dead did you
hear that voice little soft voice in the distance there oh my God Wake the
Dead okay so it that was a lot of fun thank you thank you Sean um
Everybody uh get in there and love
it I hope you like it I hope you like it you're my biggest critics so thank you
okay let's go to the next uh yes that one okay so tell us about the toxicon tell us about now I'm going to put these
on leave them on and read it to you people are like hey what what is that guy doing okay um it's called the
toxicon because they go ahead and they Christ their arrows with it but for those who drink it their lips and their
tongues swell up and they get a Mania that is uncontrollable where they
see a all sorts of hallucinations and on account of this
right the therapy is is impossible they're impossible to deal with and
rarely can you save somebody when they're when they've drunk it like this
oh my God and um what do you have to do tell me Doc what do you do can you feel
yourself there right um what do you do for this person you put chains on them
and you force them to throw up using edics and he gives a whole list of
things that you're going to have to force this person to force this person to drink and vomit and then there's all
sorts of plants that they want you to give him to deal with it to try to counteract but he says here's the
problem here's the problem this is the beauty at the end of this passage right here's the problem he
says um there are some that escape the
danger of this drug and those people they end up
bedridden yeah and when they can finally get
up um there's something wrong with them for the remaining
time their remaining time they are in a state of
constant paranoid Terror oh my god seriously what did you
do to them what did you do to these people's brains bro what are they doing
in Antiquity to people's brains holy mackerel I thought that
whole story of that Bronze Age Queen who um was was poisoning people and
castrating them and turning them into sex toys that she would beat
mercilessly um that they were always in a state of of total AB
servitude wow you can actually make that kind of
person yeah yeah it's getting deep it's getting deep look for those of you who
have weak stomachs Now's the Time take out your vomit bags and we'll make our way into it
let's get to the next one I got some chunkiness here people I know you I know you'd love it
where's the chunkiness oh yeah bring it in that's the next one yeah um look for
those of you who are in my Greek course and come to dojo and work out right look
you can see hermafroditismo dates right he's a
doctor dude give him a little credit um and he says Hey and you know I had the privilege of sitting down with a student
of mine in Greek who is also a doctor and she was able to talk this talk
through this flash up some diagrams the development and what happens oh my boom
bang Bing there it is nature all lined out hermaphrodite what what happens here
I want you to just think for a minute the conclusion here at the end we're going to end up we're going to end up
performing some surgery in order to create the best of the four different
types of genders that hermaphrodites have and you're like what what yeah he
says just wait and not only that he says somebody else is writing about this right he's apparently it's common enough
at the time for the doctors around to be aware of you know hey there are four
types of hermaphrodites right depending on positioning the genitalia and he
talks about positioning and I'm scratching my head doc can you make you can you make sense of this right oh but
we end up we end up doing a little surgery isn't that nice artificial
insemination and gender surgery did you know they did that in Antiquity in the
society that created calculus with their words did you know that these are the
people who said we go around the Sun wow isn't that amazing you think
you'd think they would have been able to beat that out of people in the Middle Ages thank you so much to the people
thank you so much to the um Christians in the Middle Ages yes oh he's going to
blame Christianity no I'm just blaming the Christians who at the time were torturing and killing people for their
beliefs right to those people who made the Middle Ages such a dump my apologies to Medieval historians
but your period is a dump yeah yeah it is thank thank the Muse that there was
some Byzantine some Byzantine Scholars to stand in your way oh God oh God um where
does my allegiance lie lies with The Muse in the museum love it let's go to
the next one her or to the hermaphrodite let's just finish off a couple of I just wanted you to notice a couple of things
about the her afrodite here that's all um we have to consider that of these
four types the genders are going to be determined very anatomically and very
logically um but we don't have any problem we don't have any problem this
is not um a something that is um fatal
right determining gender is the process that the ancient physician has to be a
part of um isn't that interesting wow it's gorgeous um but remember they'
their technology is Way Beyond um where you think it it was um their chemical
technolog is Way Beyond that okay so let's uh let's go to the next one I want to shock and awe people
[Music] um boom okay people look what else I brought this is just dirty dirty stuff
are you ready and when I mean dirty I mean intellectually dirty don't don't be
don't be foul right love it take a look at this what is this this is about the
nomia oh wait what is that that's the nyoy a num as we have already seen as my
Greek students know is translated as clitoris um what he says here is Hooper
Mees what happens a Hooper Mees NTI it comes about that this
ginormous clitter sometimes is the result of the
hermaphroditic thing and this thing he says this clitoris now imagine this
imagine this a clitoris that he says becomes
wrecked just like a penis fantastic can you can you imagine
that what a brilliant bit of nature that's amazing that's amazing fantastic
and there it is there it is for you to see right and remember these hermaphrodites they are part of the
religion if you cut hermaphroditism out of the ancient
mystery um it won't stand you can't have it sorry you can't have it remember
aphrod the very earliest depictions put some Aphrodite up there please chewy the
very very earliest depictions of Aphrodite are of her with what looks
like a penis and for all of you biologists out there who do not have you
know who have public decency um you know that the same tissue that the clitoris
is um becomes the penis right the default is the female right we were all
females I'm sorry but at one point we were all females and then the
testosterone hit some of us and screwed things up yeah isn't that funny we're a
degenerate form biologically um the masculine form is the degenerate it only makes sense X Y
why is you Bo that little chromosome it's it's damaged
right yeah don't you love that so oh right XX why love it um Let's do let's
go to the let's go back to the text the and we don't need to go back to the um
what do they do surgically they do what they consult um with the parents would
be the best thing right um You you're he he says you're doing it with the sense
of propriety for the child right and so they decide what to do and and in one
case it's when your clitoris is huge like a penis um then they will cut part of it
off um and shape it so that it returns to um approximate you know um uh uh an
average clitoris or as close as they can get right remember they're nipping and tucking the the scrotal tissue as well
right um these are people who I mean just that physician that we were looking at Paul a vagina he's known for being a
the best guy to repair hernas right so if he knows how to repair hernia he probably is also um
repaired a few uh scrotal you know tissue things and talked to him here and
you know the perineum is right there and he mentions the perineum right this is you know where we are
Ground Zero is the parum um okay okay fantastic we're well within does
everybody he see the right going on does everybody hear the music right see the right you sitting on your throne oh God
I love this let's go back thank you people for indulging me and I know Gnostic is there waiting um we're we're
getting close to being done go hit the next one um I want everybody to get all
of this look people what is a Christ what is a Christ um it's a medical term
medical term the these are the things that you Christ for those um poisons that you get from the things that creep
around the what we would call reptiles and um also from the uh those poisonous
venomous animals these are the boata these are the things the cures that that
are we're going to use right these are the if you want to say remedy there maybe antidote but it's not quite that
last word boata that's what the antidote brings you it brings you assistance it brings
you protection that is what the author of The
the devil right because we all know who's the most handsome who's the most handsome most handsome creature ever
anywhere anywh who is it it's the devil yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah um so Eve then
took it to Adam and did what she was supposed to have done but what Yahoo was
trying to keep to himself isn't that interesting the devil's like no no no you won't die
right you won't die your eyes will be open yeah and they ended up naked right because that's the
way it is in these rights they're going to end up naked I'm going to show you a naked grownup man with Jesus at the end
tonight okay give it let's people want it people want to see Jesus you want to
see Jesus with a naked grownup man um who's high on drugs are you ready we're
going to love it go hit hit the next one um I just wanted to bombard you with a few of these look Theos I just want you
to notice that um about five four lines down we talk about the Pharma that are
the THC right that are that that Venom
derived Curative yeah Venom derive Curative this stuff's going to heal you bro go to the
next one excellent and what is this this is the
malicos that's anal look look look it's an Amant and what what's there in
parentheses kisis this is again we're using the same
base but these are all different types of drugs all different types of drugs
that they're applying a very specific way hit the next one they're talking about these people are T the these go
back way back your hyoscyamus Dr Goot your hos skyus that
we're talking about um your your um henbane your your henbane um guess what
man they're talking about that in The Iliad in The Iliad it's a Bronze Age fad
it's a Bronze Age fad look at the drugs baby follow the drugs that's the way to go I love it I love it that's what we're
doing look people we can never go wrong if we just always follow the concrete
evidence and in this case it's the drugs the drugs cut through all of the BS of
the culture they cut through everything they get right down to the
biological oh God I love it love it nature she's gorgeous let's go to the
next one and finally the sunma look it's so specific you can make different types
of these Chings different forms of christing I love the eye christing the
best they talk about it in different drugs when you compose these these um ointments and they put them in the eye
right and right wait what what didn't Jesus spit in your eyes well
he spit in the dirt first then he put that and then he put that right then he spit in my mouth spit in my mouth Jesus
spit in my mouth it gets my goat that nobody wants Jesus to spit in their
mouth anymore it really gets my goat something is wrong with that bring her
up hello Penelope it's good to see you oh I love you so much I love Penelope
she's she's my righteous goat brother right she's got she's got that Mark okay
let's go let's go to the next one by the way Christians get your heads tattooed
right it's only 144,000 of you that are gonna escape the wrath and you got to
have the name on your forehead or that's it okay good and we showed the Beast
last week wasn't that lovely okay let's go what is he talking about it's okay
Martha go hit it look at this OHA there's one one more one more one more
it it's also a kisma right an angent an angent look at that look at that it's
all the way down in I amus right he talks about it too you mean the I
thought he was a philosopher no he's more like a historian of magic and this
the physics of magic and he's of course he's got to be into the drugs because everything that they're doing is
circling the drug the the pill box oh God you can't get this stuff is all over
the place people they're going to find out in the archaeological dig let me tell you what's coming
next it's getting dirty it's getting dirty that's what I'll
say let's go to the next one we fulfill prophecy isn't that nice beholdest thou
me periton Al concerning all those other christing
drugs oh nice um look you've got entire sections this is a section title of a
medical work you got an entire section about Christ things um Jesus did not
appear on the scene and walk up and they said hey who are you and he said well
I'm Christ and they were like huh right no that word had been around found for
centuries and people say now wait now watch Behold a lie and people this is the one let me just stop for a minute
and say this is the one that's really getting people right now in these interviews that I'm giving this is the
one that's getting them um is the fact that the septu it's written in the 3
century and that it's originally written in Greek and and that your words like
Christ they have nothing to do with Messiah they have nothing to do with
Messiah or anointing no they don't they don't the Christ thing is a completely
different process it was the people who wanted to control the narrative namely
the Orthodox Jews and the Christians right right those people
needed to create a narrative and the one that they created is so absurd that even
the Greeks and Romans standing around looking at them said are you joking your
narrative is stupid and impossible right we're historians here
we don't um we don't play in fancy and fantasy what are you talking about oh
God so um no it turns out that Christ that word Christ is not it's got nothing
to do with any sort of tradition outside of the mystery tradition where
the Christ is a term that is used for the dude who is drugged out of his
mind yeah who has that what what was it it was the breast
Bud of God and when I say God I don't mean he yeah yeah you know how they get that
they get that with the Venom they get that with the Venom well what do you call
her yeah oh isn't that amazing isn't that
amazing now you're starting to see dianis in a totally different light you know what I mean oh God I love you I
love you people thank you so much for giving me this time and and Neil thank you for waiting I'm almost there I'm
going to fly through a couple more I want you to see oh I need 10 minutes Neil I need 10 minutes
give me 10 minutes and I'll be there get a burrito um love it go to the next
Source look I'm going to flash through these I'm going to flash through these this is more diores and here he's
talking about the purple and I just want to wanted to point out that it's also talking about um treating and healing um
what are considered growths right you can debate about what kind of growths those were and what they could see on
the surface of the skin and whatnot but okay okay the the stuff kills growths um this
is the purple it's here people it's a drug it's an actual drug John Stewart
educate yourself buddy it's a drug fantastic go to the next one um look
here at the bottom I just want you to see here at the bottom see the pom um you can also drink the purple right you
can drink the purple if your little fingers if you're a 12-year-old girl
named Mary Mother of God and your little purple fingers are staying from the
purple that you work with um this is the kind of formulaic knowledge that you
have to have to be able to stay alive and by the way they're going to auction you off wait is this Greek no that part
of it is not they're gonna auction her off to whoever's got the right lot right
they're basically going to throw her out there why because this is what they do in the temp Temple it's merchandising
isn't it funny merchandising creeps into the mystery and at
Jerusalem it becomes about the sale of the Virgin wow can you believe that do you
know what happens when mystery is profaned in that way with cash with
property with gain of goods and history and justification for what you do to
people do you know what that does the mystery implodes to cleanse
itself the mystery implodes oh God I love that I love that
and out goes that flame can you restart it can you restart it supposedly you
know let's go let's go to the next one boom finally I wanted to give you a
little bit of this it's just a little bit of theopus it's but this is a shout out to everybody who's wrapped up in the
worship of sasus right those of you out there and how am I G to how am I gon to cons
classify you people who follow sabazius um you have this Daisy damonia you have
this respect for the diones the powers that be in nature do you have respect for the
powers that be ask yourself that the stuff that you can't see that makes this
universe tick do you have respect for that stuff I do I do and that makes me
follower of sabazius you mean they had a monotheistic thing going on yeah so that
when people tell you out there hey Judaism was the only monoth no it wasn't
I just heard somebody say that recently right somebody from Jerusalem say that
there could be nothing further from the historical truth than that yeah love it love it do you see
what we're doing we're taking back those texts we're the museum right it's the
tax they can't take the tax from us love it let oh bring up Herrod well first
show us Hermes chewy bring in Hermes everybody meet
Hermes please when odys met him this is how he met him he was a little boy and he came up to came up to odys and he
said oh sir you're GNA need some drugs and he was like what's that drug boy and he's like yeah yeah yeah take these
drugs and he was like what's that thing you're carrying he's like oh that's a stick was snakes on it oh God I love it
and so up comes Moses right up comes Moses there's Hermes what happens when
you take Hermes and Aphrodite Aphrodite show yourself please let's look at
Aphrodite thanks to the AI by the way the AI can make movies and video games now isn't that fantastic oh God if this
is gorgeous who wouldn't want to live in 2024 it's crazy man um bring us up
Aphrodite the yeah no you can't did we leave Aphrodite
somewhere oh she's in the videos we put her in the videos any who when you take Hermes and a di then you get hertis
hertis welcome welcome yes right okay
okay does anybody have a problem with her myrtis I don't I don't you know who his best friend is
Right Aeros AOS oh love it they're always together man they're always together
they're you know what they do they drink and they play drinking games all the time you mean you mean the founders of
democracy thought it was okay for two underage boys to be getting Drunk
Together playful yeah no that was that was you know that's okay um it's mental
health people right what's in those drinks that they're drinking oh God love it next one down next one down we got to
go to the next we got to fly here oh I'm so behind okay I'm just going to jump
look it's the dip dip sauce here's the here's the snake venom we were talking about you're welcome to see it later go
to the next one chewy go to the next one I'm just letting people see because people inevitably ask me or they they
make snide comments you you know on uh on the channel here and they say where's
the sources right here here they are can you even read them you can't even read them
go to the next one love it I'll take that little stand here with a samurai
Cuts you in half we're going to end with the passage of Jesus I told you we were being Jesus I hope Neil is paying
attention because this is Jesus with a naked grown man who is drugged out of
his mind and he's homeless right let's see what happens and so
they're coming Jesus is coming off the boat and right away this dude runs up to
him right from the tombs and he's a man who is look at the last three words
in he is a man who is in a spirit that
is a cathartic what is that a cathartic that is the unclean wait what well
that's how we translate it that's not really what Greeks said right they said
that was the before the medical Purge right if you want to get those demons
out of your head you're going to have to be perfect encouraged and we're not going to go the direction that you think
we're not going to a party right we're going to go somewhere where I gotta tie you down I gotta tie you down and Drug
you and I'm gonna pump some stuff into you in in ways that you may or may not
enjoy but you're not going to have a choice and then you're going to see me transform and I'm going to send you to
hell I'm going to send you to hell and I'm going to bring you back and when you
come back soon as you come out of that water and suck that air you're G to be
as thankful as anybody you're GNA have seen the [__] and now you're going to
know what's beyond that's what I can promise you um
who's first who's first you ready for the purge are you ready um is this the
stuff that we should be afraid of remember the ch Chans are doing this
yeah it's the magic baby it's the magic and we can trace it with those drugs
they just found a whole dump of this stuff some lunatic was carrying around a
a container of it beautiful container of it oh God you know what those seeds
do they don't call it Mania for no reason the Romans don't walk around saying hey watch out for that
Insanity yeah they don't do that for Just for kicks right sometimes it's necessary to
go there welcome let's go last I think it's the last
boom yeah oh here's Jesus anyway yep hit the next no hit the next the next Source
here's Jesus and he says look he says look this guy had his home in the in the in the cemetery right and nobody was
able to chain him up nobody's able to why because next one cuz every time they
did every time they did he break out they even put hand braces on him and
Shackles on his feet right and he still was able to get free right this guy
can't be treated bro right he's outside and he's naked he's he's he's naked I
promise you he's naked go to the next one right and Jesus is like hey you know what I mean day and night this guy has
been in the tombs and what's oh by the way what's he doing what's this naked
full grown man doing in living in a cemetery what what like what is what is
you know what's he find to do that's fun if he had a some kind of page on some dating service what would he put things
he likes to do let's see what's what's this man he goes around the tombs and
around the hills and the tops of the mountains he runs around the mountains
doing crazy stuff what kind of crazy stuff does he do oh he he vocalizes he
vocalizes yeah well you know it's the it's the way have you ever heard a crow
yeah you ever hear a frog frogs do that kind of funny funny vocalization right
um sometimes it's a scream sometimes it's a scream what he's out there doing
what he's the dude is running around crazy naked screaming and what
else cutting himself cutting himself go to the next one why is he cutting himself how do you
think they're getting their hos skyus how do you think that they're getting
that henbane right it's dermal applications you combine that with the
purple right oh my God you've got a recipe for causing yourself to have
burning mouth with inflamed lips right and a psychosis and if you add the
seeran to that your guy in the cemetery who's nuts now also has an
erection a psychotic person with an erection don't worry though this is a
healing process right this is how you heal someone um yeah you you'll you'll
shove every ounce of garbage out of them putting them through this just just you know trust it there's not centuries and
centuries of Bic worship that resulted in Judaism and Christianity for no
reason right it's a strong predominant yeah yeah bring it up yeah yeah oh yeah
I forgot to mention the lupai look uh you know these are our wolves um you've
got to remember that when we get to Rome with all of this information we're
sitting there you know um these Hut these poor Romans all they do is they build Huts you know
what I mean come on you know they're not that sophisticated um but um they do
have a tribe of priestesses a group of priestesses and these priestesses are
trained um wolves right they are the ones who are
suckled wait what yeah they're suckled who suckled them ramulus and
Ramos baby right right ramulus and
RIS they go through the process they receive that
milk they know that
place yeah yeah do you see her now and
how important she is they called the Lupa they called her a
prostitute she was the one who was serving who was overcome by Mars do you
understand those of you with ears to hear do you understand yeah you know you
know why it is that she wins all the time all the time yeah call it Big Brain
if you want call it understanding the universe but that's the very same reason
that Jesus gets stuck and a public park at 4:00 a.m. with a naked kid screaming
I'm not a sex trafficker yeah oh God love it let's go
to the last this is the last I'm coming right now yeah go ahead oh and I had a verse to show he
was naked because he gets back dressed he gets dressed up long and long and short of the story he gets dressed up
again and people from the City come out and they're finally like huh look at him he's not crazy anymore he's sitting
there totally within a place of Sanity um there's a reason that this naked man
high on drugs ran up to Jesus the Christ yeah for his resolution for his
healing yeah oh God that's gorgeous and finally the last one yep there uh yep I
want to go just go to hit this last one for some reason I'm putting that there yeah okay um people look at this just in
case you were uncomfortable here's the Greek from the septu talking about coidus and well
spats do not do not defile yourself with it did you know
you could be defiled by it yes yes you can have
aaria that which is not purged that which is the
corruption oh there it is that life bubbles oh god let's bring it down um I
want to bring on uh Gnostic informant and I want I want to say before Neil
jumps in go ahead and put him up I hope he's there did he thank you for staying
with us Neil I appreciate it thank you very much and I'm sure people can't wait
to hear from you I want to ask you right off the right off the top here um you
worked on a video that is spectacular and in the beginning of that video um
you showed a little clip of your um
somebody um Dan mlen right and he is
asked a question by one of his many um followers he's asked a question hey um
what is this about dianis and Jesus one of the parallels between them and he of
course mockingly and very and very arrogant Dan Dan cut the arrogance dude
it doesn't it doesn't suit you um and I know your Greek sucks bra and I'll I'll
literally break you in half um through the Greek right intellectually
intellectually Dan I'm gonna I'm gonna take your pants down and I'm gonna do things to you yeah but here's the
problem um I think Neil has basically already done that and um um I just want
Neil is it true do you think Dan I'm just gonna ask you this because I don't want to get you in trouble and I don't
want other people to be I can talk about it I can say some here you want me to say this so I was disappointed in this
video because when the person asks him a question about something that he he probably doesn't know about or wasn't
immersed in or never heard of instead of just saying I you know I don't have any idea to that question there's probably
look look there's probably other classicists who can answer that question I'm a Bible scholar that would have been like a a good answer or does not make
the video but what he did was he did this weird thing and this isn't in my video this isn't his video I I didn't
want to waste all the time show I'm not trying to like waste time on his video it was only a quick intro but what he
did was he did this weird thing where he pulled up an article from like 40 50 years ago that no one talks about or it
was a Tren I'm sorry it wasn't an article it was a translation of the baky it was a bad translation a lot of people
have already ackn classist have already shut this thing down and said this is trash nobody this is not nobody takes
this thing seriously I've never even heard of it so he brings up this translation that's bad and goes this guy
in this really bad translation tries to say seil is a virgin he says samile
wrong and I'm just saying to myself why does he okay in my video I I cited like 10
Scholars who have written about this Dennis McDonald Carl Ruck uh kristo
krysto ball uh I can't remember her her her name uh you know I I literally it's
all in my video I go through and say this person wrote about L uh the Gospel
of Luke and the and the baky this person wrote about the Gospel of John and the baky nonas did this um this other
Christian authors did this the Ning Peter said this this scholar from this place said this this scar I'm like I'm
like going through all the material and like that for some reason none of that gets brought up in the video but instead
you brought up this random translation of the baky and said see this is not
good stuff don't don't look into this stuff it's all just bunch of people looking and squinting and trying to figure out but like that's a that was a
really to me that was like um and you know I was going to say this about about about people like Bart
Airman and uh Dennis M or uh and um Dan mlen who are great great Bible scholars
but when they start talking about stuff outside of the Bible they don't look that great I'm just saying Bart Airman
has been I've I've seen seen him write articles where he confuses Demetrius with diogenes it's like dude you're out
of your element it's fine nobody's an expert in everything you don't have to be the all religion Guru of the world
like just stay with what you know don't try to like get all and I think there's like this I think it's in the circles
where there's this like sort of a Dogma in making Christianity this like like
because here's what I think is going on these are critical Scholars who are very good at being critical of a lot of stuff
in the Bible that fundamentalists are pushing Dan ml's all over that [__] to his credit I love it so is B Airman but
they have this other side where it's like I don't know if it's like they're trying to balance their themselves out
when any chance they get to credit it's like almost like if it's so obvious the side goes to the
uh critical side they'll they'll they'll attack it and say this is wrong but if there's any doubt that Christianity
could have something right they just credit that they just say this is correct or the dating of the text or something I don't know if this makes
sense to you but do you understand what I'm saying by that there's this like mentality where in the SP circles where
Christianity is special unique and needs to be in its own box separate from all
the other Classics and that to me is where I think they screw grew up their entire system of of epistemology how
they they just there the Christianity is in this special world with a force field around it and there's no influence it's
a Greek text it's in Greek that's why that's why neoc
classicist laugh and I'm really underneath I'm blustery I'm really
laughing at Dan mclen I'm laughing at him because he has a show going i' I
watched some of his stuff and he leads you on as if he has this knowledge and
you can tell he really doesn't it was the same thing with Kip Davis you can tell when he made a statement about
Greek he had no idea what he was talking about intellectually intellectually
these guys need to be driven to a place of Shame where where where um because of
what they're doing the our viewers out there they don't know they don't know right whether or not he's really that
good and Greek or not they don't know if his arguments are sound and pastors all over the world do that and it's a it's
like a little device that it's like you know you see someone taking advantage of a kid Dan mlen is taking advantage of
that innocence that somebody's gonna give you the benefit of the doubt and
that kind of Kip Davis stuff Dan mlen that stuff is disreputable boys you gota
you gotta you got to stand up for for the wrong that you're doing you love it
love it that's what I would encourage them you know in the in the spirit of healing and cleansing I would encourage
you to step up guys and to say look you know we were we were just kind of using
authority over you we really don't do this work when you get into these texts
you see the total opposite so tell me how do you think Dan took your video do you think he saw I have no idea I have
no idea to be honest um and I don't care because the video wasn't really about just him it was just
kind of like an intro to show look this is a topic that is not well researched
in my opinion and I think um here here here's what I think's going on the
classicists are letting the Bible scholars keep the Bible and let let them deal with it and then the the the Bible
scholars are saying well the classicists aren't saying anything about dianis and Jesus so why we so it must not be there
which is not true technically because a lot of classist have said stuff about this and then they get responses like well
the Bible scholars aren't saying this so how are you right and there's like these two bubbles happening and if and if if
you just train New Testament scholars in Classics then this whole thing might open up because you know and I Kip Davis
is my friend I'm not gonna talk crap about him but I asked him this is this You're gonna laugh and you hear this and
and this is not me talking [__] this is just kept being honest and he told me this how much Greek cuz he has a he has
a PHD not in Ted SE Scrolls and didn't know this he has a PHD in Theology and
religion and I go what so how much Greek did you have to learn theology is a
Greek word comes from Plato comes from Orpheus to Theologian it comes from the Greeks it's a Greek thing theology is a
Greek thing and I'm thinking to myself how much Greek did you were you required to get this P how much play Plato did
you have to read he laughed and said none I'm like why don't they just give
you a degree and says Dey SC because he's a he's a whiz of the Dead SE Scrolls he's a whiz he knows everything
about the dead he can tell you what manuscript numbers and what verses he knows all that [__] he's trained in that
but I'm like why do they give you that title then just weird it's just a weird thing because these people they kind of
present themselves as Scholars of religion but it's like how much about same thian Mysteries huh what about
sasus huh what about the thians what about what about like we can go into
like all this stuff that never gets talked about by any Bible ever right ever what what about the Theo
syis those in the second century BC what about that what are you talking about yeah well they don't know like they this
is like gibberish to them they don't they're not none of them in their whole eight to 10 years are going to school
that ever this stuff doesn't even get brought up it's only in the classicist world yeah no I I I saw Both Worlds Neil
I I got my degree in Classics and taught in Classics and I taught at a seminary
and I can tell you for a fact it's giving them the ability to be able to go back to those texts that's that thing is
revolutionary when you can give somebody the ability to see the history for what
it was not through any kind of filter that has that's based on theology or IDE
any ideology but just the facts of the history just the the real sauce um you
you liberate them you liberate them the best thing you could do for Christianity
is to give them leaders who could actually read those texts sure and I I
tell my students every semester that I was in seminary I'm not there anymore because as you know you know they
thought that I somebody saw me fly through some walls and do some magic um
which whatever you know it's all inadmissible right um so uh when you're
in that situation as a class you can see how important it is um that that that
they're able to find that source and work with the source and Christians
don't do that I've never met I've not met one yet um that is a real master of
classical Greek and Latin never never so we'll see we'll see what happens maybe
that's a challenge tell us one last thing about this then I want to go I want to show you some stuff about Adam the adamus
stuff I have some stuff on that Kyle Rook was the first to really do what
you're doing right now and going to the trenches and challenge some of this [__] so at the if you if you read his book
The Road to El usus the book that was heavily criticized and shot down and then Vindicated over time as these as
Classics as Classics caught up to him basically that's kind of funny if you think about it's true Classics caught up
to K Ruck now how does that how does one person get so you he smarter than everyone else is he got a higher no it's
not that he's reading the text he's immersed in the world of Greek he loves it he does it for fun this is the
difference between somebody who just goes to college to be a professor and they just read modern articles from
Modern scholarship and think that's all you have to do and then don't read the primary sources so I'll give you an
example at the end of his book The Road to Al usus he talks he a debunking section at the end it's in the appendix
and he talks about the the current he's talking about the current AR archeologist he names the guy I forgot
the person's name some sort of Professor PhD archaeologist who was digging up
elus and this guy starts talking about there is no connection to Deiter and dianis at all we haven't found anything
in the archaeology and KY Ruck was like dude even if you even if that's true
that you found nothing in El USIS of dianis you're just wrong this is what the sources say boom boom bo bo bo bo bo
bo boom bo bo bo bo boom just obliterate some with the primary text strabo says this by the way yakos is a term it's a
name for dianis it's also a name for demer and only them two shared that title no one else you don't see that
with Apollo nobody else so it's like yeah you maybe you maybe you have an
understanding of like the archaeology and you're you're looking at the data the raw data and you say all I see is
this so therefore it's all that like this is one of those things where you think about if a tree falls down in a
place that no one's there to see it did it happen and the answer is yes it
happened but now how do we find that we have to find out how it how to how to
how to uh document stuff that's not in the that's not me necessarily like we
have to be able to connect the dots and we have to be able to do interpret the data and by the way d m always says this
in the data he always says in the data which is fine this is a good good the data doesn't always mean you're going to
find it saying adamus is where Adam comes from you're not going to find a text that
says that you have to do the work and you have to read the text and interpret the data to find this stuff out so
that's what I'm getting at I'm saying some of this stuff might sound speculative but then we we're talking about the data as a whole then it starts
to make sense when you when you're immerse in these texts this stuff makes more sense that's all I'm saying not
saying I'm smarter than everybody or I'm not an expert and they're not I'm just saying there's certain things where if you are and this is just being a nerd
actually you can find Star Wars nerds who know more about Star Wars than some of the directors of Star Wars probably
because they're just like super nerdy at it wait a minute actually actually Darth Vader said this oh [__] I did write that
like and that's a thing like sometimes just being very immerse and loving this stuff for for just as because that's
part of who you are gives you that upper like that K Ruck Advantage yeah and you know what that's
why you gotta love the guy and his draw to that that language and those texts is so
strong you can see it in his eyes um there's a there's a tenderness about him
and it's a it's a beautiful beautiful love for that beauty that is classical
Greek heiti um he swims in that and he has so much you don't understand the
ground that Carl Rock has covered right you people out there like Kip and and
Dan um they have studied more than he's forgotten right I mean he's I said that
backwards he's forgotten more than they have studied probably right I mean he he's that close he really respects the
Muse Carl rock is a is a man who followed the Muse his his life and I I
have tremendous respect for him um here's to you here's to you Luc for what
you've what you've brought and he was you're right Neil he was standing in the
breach right when those other classist were back just securing their jobs and
getting a little bit the little bit of Fame that they could possibly get they were saying they were saying harsh things about him they were like really
going after his character like assassinating his character as a as a human being beyond the scholarship like
he was getting so much hate for the stuff that he was producing in his in his text and then all of a sudden 20
years goes by and then there's more research being done into entho Jens and and El indan Mysteries and Greek mystery
calls all of a sudden it's like holy [__] everything everything he's been saying is coming to light and like all
those people who criticized him 20 years ago look like morons that don't know the St material and I I predict that 20
years from now this is what we're GNA be saying about scholars in the that's what I'm saying yeah could be wrong totally I
totally agree I totally agree okay Neil tell me really quick what is the new
area that you're going to be working on for your next video I just just want like people it's coming
along okay I just I'm almost done with it already I'm coming along quick I have the whole
10,000w uh script written out 10,000 words um it's about the pans Proto IND
Europeans cians Thracians um Kelts uh Germanic pagans italic pagans
um going all the way to India into the Hindu stuff and I'm doing a and I'm
showing how all the stuff is connected that's my next video I already have I
already started recording on the microphone I'm already like halfway through it it's gonna be out quick I hope I hope you do the palasan oh it's I
introduce them as the palasan I basically say in the video from not you know whatever whether you want to call them palasan eurasians Aryans I don't
care this is what we're we're getting at the same thing right and I'm so glad you're doing it because there's so many
classical sources that just throw them in just a mention of them oh yeah FY it's was originally plasan right well
you know throw they just throw that stuff in and you're like who are these pans and classicists have traditionally
ignored them ignore them not only that they they say it's mythological people
but hold hold on a second though they're only brought up well I guess Homer writes about him in Iliad and stuff like
that but whatever you could say that's M but even Homer is not talking about them in a mythological sense he's talking
about he literally throws them into tribes like home world names six tribes
all five of those tribes are real tribes and then pans are next to them so wait you're telling me the only this one
tribe didn't exist but these five do Herodotus mentions the pans a hundred times probably not aund times I'm just
exaggerating he mentions them all throughout his text he did never says these are mythological people he's
they're talking about the pans no like that's not the that's not how they're being described in the ancient sources
so we're just interpreting it our own way saying well we can't find anything that we can't find any people that call
themselves pans in any text that's because these people existed before writing so whether we call them this is
what I'm about say in my video whether we called them Proto indo-europeans which we made up nobody called themselves that so what's the difference
between that and palasan you know what I mean I guess Arian is like a real people
did call themselves arens people call themselves mes too I mean like what I'm basically getting as I'm saying these
people all came from this Black Sea region in between the black and Caspian Sea the step area this is where it all
begins this by the way right there is where the cultivation of the vine is discovered where wine is discovered so
this is dionan to its core this is why you find all these Di and there's so many gods like dianis
that are like the cians have so many different tribes right this is this is
like getting really micro into this and they all have these different names for these Gods but they're their functions
you can see them oh that's Zeus papos papos that's Zeus oh he's a sky father
oh there's another God um goddess the Earth goddess oh that's like Gaia they
all and you can see there's a connection going on and then you see this God he's the vine Bearer and he's like he's like
uh the moisture gives gives growth to the crops he's the he's he's the vegetation dying and Rising God the son
of the son of the sky father you're like there's just so much lining up in all these different cultures and you know
kyl young gives it the word archetype fine I guess that's cool but I'm just
saying even if it's just an he he's trying to get it it's all like in the in these are archetypes that come from our
minds but I'm saying it's even simpler than that these people all descended
from a common ancestry by the way this is mind-blowing too drugs ancient drugs
is at the center of all this stuff because the words for holy the words for
God when you find out that they're that if you look at the Indians
the Sanskrit you compare it to the Germanic and you compare it to the avestan stuff that's in Persia and then
you find that these words are a little bit tweaked ha Som go which means which
is the word for God the word god comes from the word Dr drug Som so you're talking about being the
word god itself has a connection to the ancient drugs to the Som yeah in that
little bit that I just showed from diores um they call it right they're
calling it The Dionysus the the dyam right they're using his title and saying the drug is
him this this equation that's why the Greeks come up with the concept of entho
is right to have the god inside of you how do you get the god inside of you
right through the plant that's how that's the Avenue that's the Avenue by the way everybody root the root Cutters
are the priestesses why are they called root Cutters Prest be call the root cutter what is she doing with root because
they're making because what do you think I mean DMT what do you think the the number one way to get is from Roots did
you know that I bet you bet you a lot of SP Scholars don't know that DMT the H
there there a toad that's the H and they're very rare you're not going to you're not going to buy the toad in the mail you have to go and find one
somewhere which is very uh logistic wise it doesn't make sense but these roots
are everywhere acacia trees mimosa trees The Roots you cut the roots up you blend
it in some water you you soak out the the juices you mix it you there's a whole process I I could tell you it but
I'm not going to do it here there's a whole process process where you can get iasa or
DMT from Roots so these root Cutters were figuring this [__] out way before
we did and this is at the this at the center of religion itself that's why I'm like when when I when a religious
scholar doesn't thinks this is crazy or you're out there man what the hell man
this is I don't this is crazy no you don't know what you're talking about this is at the center of
it all because the you look at these ancient texts Som ha and go kakan kukan
these are all these and this is every this is the the center of the mystery
this is the initiation this is the most important aspect of the religion and
then you have in Christianity you have a Eucharist you don't think there's a connection there I think you need to do some more reading to be
honest totally I think you need to do some more reading I'm going to quote you
and next time I get one of these biblical script that the classes just laugh at because they're so bad um I'm
going to say you need to listen to Neil from Gnostic informant man and um go
there you know what I mean uh Neil I love it and I love the fact by the way um don't I know I know you may have
already included it in your video um but remember that media in ca's media is
using palasan and in her chance and he even said says that in the text cica says
that in the text why would cica be so interested in that because the Caesars
in their libraries um were always interested in the palasan connection with the atrans
right and um which we know linguistically is probably there because
of what they said that they're Trojan blood because anas founded the city of Latium the the Trojans are part of that
one of the palasan tribes right so they they figured it out and by the way and they've invent this I don't know how
they knew this but it turns out the italic people are closely connected to
the people from the Black Sea region they are they had that same I don't know how you Hao Group whatever I don't know
it's the same it's the same language types and the same uh genetic types as people from that region so they migrated
West into Italy at some point some point during the maybe or even the end of the Stone Age yeah the tsoi baby tsoi and
the connection remember Cersei she's lives off the coast of Italy they kicked her out because of what she was trying
to do power-wise so that connection between the black seat these are priestesses of the kenes man these are
priestesses of that area now that they're fighting over um that they're
trying to take back from Russia right we were talking we were talking about uh media being from the eastern coast of
the Black Sea the in culus right yeah and the mes who who have become the most
powerful Dynasty in the world yeah the the the Persian Empire that's a Meade Empire they're they're found by people
who are median mes and the mes it says in Herodotus and in diodorus the mes
formerly were called Aryans and they changed their name to sound to be of
media yeah mes means media like they're related to Media they're the sons of
media and by by the way in pontis this rich rich country pops up in the third
2nd Century bcee this Kingdom of pontis and it's cop
the capital and you have mithradates the sixth the poison king and you know what
he says by the way there's a story about his birth where three Magi come and visit him and there's a star there's a
it's really really eerily similar to Christianity's birth scene but guess what it also
says that he's descended from both Alexander the Great and Cyrus the Great
making him the [__] king of the world like this is like a but everybody was obsessed with genetics back then
everybody Caesar has Venus's blood and this person is a related to this per well this is like no way you have a king
who's born from Alexander the Great and Cyrus the Great he's the Great of all
time so he rises up becomes a [__] they said that all the wealth he had if you convert it into dollars it'd be like
past the trillions be like uncountable how much how much wealth he had
he he also had the he also had the thec that was meant to balance the communion
um from the Dark Harbor and writes about it right we have the um we have Roman
here's a Roman physician who wrote about it and he said by the way the the real thing that you need to do with toxicon
is you need to take the mithraic remedy he said that will balance it and I thought wow look at that it's I mean the
tech there is fantastic right you're developing Bronze Age stuff funneling it
through all that scientific advancement of um Hellenism and boom right and
people think well the Black Sea that's helenismo d
right even the L they're worshiping Diana so oh my God I love it um um so
when is this video gonna come out I would say probably by the end of next
week okay okay look at how much work that is can you just say something about that how much work do you put into one
of these videos all day this is what I do all day long when you add up your
script writing only time I leave the house to go to the gym sometimes every other day maybe you know not every
day every other day go to the gym so I don't get like because I I was when I first started doing YouTube
full-time I was working at a factory and I left the factory and I was in pretty decent shape back then from standing up
all day and moving tires around and then I started sitting around editing videos
all day never leaving the house and then I G gained a bunch of weight so now I'm like figuring out okay now I gotta I
gotta do something I gotta get out of the house and work out and touch grass a little bit which I've been doing you
know Neil is transforming into Hercules as we sit
here and watch he is becoming Hercules and I know I know that he knows that's a
lot deeper than me just making jokes right and he has a lot more respect for that but I am fully expecting Neil
someday for um look if when like I said when the stuff happens I need you in the
boat right we need to work together because I'm going to need you as Hercules um and I think it's fantastic I
think it's fantastic that you're not only building that muscle but with your
scholarship brao you're killing people right you're killing we're we're slaying
I know you don't I know you don't want my amateur scholarship is poison
arrows yeah yeah exactly Herculean exactly right I know you don't want me
to say it but you just mounted Dan mullen's backside on your wall you did
you took him you took him down he's got nothing he can't stand he doesn't he I'll bet you I'm willing to bet he
doesn't even know how to track your sources I'll bet he wouldn't even
understand how to prove you wrong or right and the funny thing is if you bothered to get into those sources to
try to prove you wrong you would see exactly what you're saying CU your video was just you presenting sources I love
it I love it baby last thing I want to say before we go on to my my thing do you really think it's a coincidence that
the dionan Epiphany was celebrated on the same day as the Christian Epiphany
which was the same day as the Dua Epiphany which is the same day as the ion Epiphany all of them are sub on
January 6 what no way dude you're you're crazy the people think this is just a
coincidence what are you talking about that's a miracle there's no way there's
there's something culturally happening within Christianity as well as all these other Cults in the Eastern Realms of the
Roman Empire and they're connected and people Christians Christian Scholars don't want to admit this they want to
think Christianity is like this offshoot of Judaism perfectly pure and even though it presents itself as anti it
presents itself as anti-pagan of course I'm soort of the platonist so a lot of people a lot of people pretend to be
anti-pagan but still bow from pagans this is like a normal thing at that time period yeah so all right all right Neil
hit it you were going to present something I'm gon I'm going to disappear for a few minutes everybody here is Neil
all right so I got a screen on the bottom that I want to present so the word adopt
adamus it's means indestructible right now Parmenides uses this word to
describe the four elements in his in his on nature which
is interesting because he talks about God creating the cosmos using four
elements and you almost it's almost right off the bat my Spidey senses go tingling because I'm looking at that
thing of the Genesis and God creating Adam and taking his rib off and creating
Ewa right so I'm like okay that's just a hypothesis at this time so I just put
that aside for a little bit um by the way adamus or Adam is very
closely looked very closely related to Hadis or Hades or spelled with the
aspirated a ades so you're looking at two names that start with ad whenever
you see something like that you should kind of go well let's look into this you got ad Adis and and the Cory who's
called Ewa this is a thing the prapan two titles well she has a lot of titles
but one of them is Ewa and she gets stuck in
Hades for eating the paling Granite almost in a mirror image sense analogous
to Eve getting cast out of paradise for eating a fruit by the way the consensus
right now is that it wasn't an apple it was a p and granate most people think
that's what it was it's hard to prove this but most Scholars think this was a ping granate that Eve eight
anyways um I have a pull put that Source back up if you don't mind so the next
thing I want to show
is whoops sorry about that all right let me I clicked on instead of instead of
the I clicked on my screen to to share all right so I got that screen back up now all right sorry about that all right
now the next thing I want to go to is Plato all right play talks about this
and is tus you can tell it's very parmenidean he's very he's very well
being uh influenced by parmin or um and pedicles I'm sorry imp
pedicles um or both of them the both of them talk about the elements right and
pedicles is first actually I think anyway it doesn't matter play is writing about these elements see you could see
the top the four kinds and he's talking about the Demi urge creating the universe he calls the
cosmos right so yeah I'm not going to read all this this is a lot but I just want to highlight some things that he
talks about when he's talking about the Demi urge creating the cosmos with four
elements so he says it right here he says um well you just saw the four kinds
um talks about fire earth water and air solid bodies and
form a body huh that's interesting form a body by the way um he also talks about
in this same text I don't have it in front of me you can look this up for yourself fact check me please do that always check what I'm saying in this
same exact text I don't know if it's before this or after but at some point he talks about the different races of
humans that are made from these elements there's the gold golden race the silver race the bronze race and so forth and
um it makes you think like because well
well I'm I'm already trying to compare it to Genesis and thinking like you have
this indestructible Adam who lives for like thousands of years or whatever hundreds of years 900 years or whatever
and um he's the first Adam and Jesus is the last second Adam right so you have
like a new creation thing going on but let me put that side let me put that uh let me jump ahead on this real quick I
just want to show one more thing so he talks about he uses this word to describe the
elements Adam adamant which means indestructible he's talking about the
indestructible mixture of these elements he calls it an offshoot of gold which is
very hard because of its density and black in color is called adamant so he uses this the same
word which which and you're all all probably wondering why doesn't us to say Adam why is there more letters and you
know Greek is like that but there's a I think there's a better reason for why they shorten this to Adam and I'll get
to that in a second um but he says and the kind which closely resembles gold in
its particles but has more forms than one and the density is more dense than gold and partakes of small and fine
portions of Earth so that it is harder while it is also lighter owing it's uh
having large interstices what is that interstices within it this particular
kind of the bright and solid Waters being compounded thus is termed
bronze and this is talking about the bronze race this is talk he's talking about Mortals being created you get it
in the portion of earth that is mixed by the way there is that Earth remember everyone says Adam means Earth see it
now the portion of earth that is mixed there with becomes distinct by itself
and both grow old and separate each again each form the other and then it is
named rust that's like the lowest level rust all right that's just I'm
just throwing hypothesis out there right now now I want to show you something from the cilene oracles because I've
always I've always said this cilene oracles reveals a lot of these Mysteries
they tell a lot of this stuff like when you want to look you want to know the origins of Christianity read the siine
oracles CU there cuz what you're getting in the siine oracles is you're getting people who are not they don't care
they're not like team Judaism or team paganism or team this these are people within mystery religions that are doing
mixing all this stuff sort of like what you get in the Greek magical papy but these are simp these are Roman texts um
written for the Priestly class in the Romans this is like high level secret stuff like not every body had cop not
everybody had uh access to these texts now if you um I think it's F1 to search right
whoops um I'm still here right okay good uh let me see if I search for
Adam check this out there's a connection with Hades with Adam right off the
bat it says which snatched the Dreadful men away from life and Hades then received
them it was called hates since Adam having tasted death went
first and Earth encompassed him around and therefore all men Bor born upon the
Earth are in abodes of Hades called to go whoa okay let's keep going what do
what else do they say about Adam um there's that word again they use it to describe the gates of Hades so you
got the instru indestructible Gates of Hades they're using that same word indestructible right all right here's
where things get wild in my opinion because often in the cilene oracles it's not just here it's other places too this
is such a weird title can you guys see the screen right now where it's where I have it highlighted um maybe I can zoom
in a little bit let's see if I can do that yeah there we go let's do this okay
is that better okay that's better this is The God Who formed four-lettered Adam
the first one formed and filling his with his name east west south and north
the same as he who fixed the pattern of the human form and made wild beasts now
this is a really odd esoteric passage in my opinion four what who who do you know
that's ever called four lettered anything my name my name is four-lettered NE a l nobody he calls me
four-lettered Neil what a weird title to give somebody four-lettered well what if Adam being
four letters is something to do with the four elements the four and this is like
they're tetr it's like a tatag Graton like yaho gets extended to Yahweh
because you know the oldest fragments of Yahweh it's three letters all of a sudden it gets four letters it's this
weird thing going on with numbers I don't know what it is I'm still still researching this it's still in my
hypothesis zone right now but I just want to throw this at you the the idea that he's called four-lettered Adam it's
like why is he called four-lettered Adam why isn't it just Adam or why isn't it something else because it signifies
something's going on there there's a reason why he's four letters and I'm thinking when we're looking at these
other texts that I showed you with adamus being the indestructible elements that the demiurge used to craft humans
with the Earth and this is why I think Adam becomes also called Earth because
there's a there's a connection here they're using the indestructible elements of the earth to create humans
with Adam being the first one all right now you're probably thinking this is a little wild let me get some more
evidence for this sure I got one thing for you this is going to be cool all right I'm gonna share my screen one more
time um let me see this
okay once you see it uh pop it up on the screen there we go this is the samian
Mysteries now a lot of us know about this because we love that mystery religions so we're all thinking oh yeah
I love this by the way in the sources and in the archaeology these are the oldest of all this is like palas and
stuff by the way pans are were inhabited that region but they call themselves
palasan too um and they're identified with this island this secret Magical
Mystery religion Island where these sacred priests who held the oldest according to diodorus according to
strabo according to Herodotus according to basically anyone that writes about samuth rians they're they're the the
oldest Priestly class of all they they're holding on to Mysteries that are so old they go back to like the Stone
Age right well let's look at this for a second what do they what do they got going on well they turns out that they
have a primordial hero called thas the spiritual
person okay the nasen preacher identifies this
adamus with Adam and he also calls Jesus the second
adamus so you already have a connection going on with adamus by the way this
name means indestructible here he's the indestructible hero that's the primordial God like demigod of the
Mysteries and so brief history of the mystery writes the rights went back to preg Greek thracian
palasan inhabitants of the samans this is why the priests of the rights Preserve in their liturgies preg Greek
thracian words this is why my video is so much on thians are the I love the Thracians I can't wait to tell you guys
about the Thracians they are the best they are the best I'm starting to almost like them more than the Greeks sorry I
know that's Blas for me to some of you the thians are the [__] best I'm sorry I have to say it and by the way
the Greeks would say that too the Greeks love the thians all the religion in Athens is all thian [__] imported uh the
orus was a thran bar got you know what I'm saying you get it um dionis is all
over th anyways um so you have this religion where that's pretty much it um okay
that's it um stop sharing so you have a a primordial demigod called adamus in
the oldest mystery religion that's way older than Judaism or Christianity before there even thought on the on the
radar because they're all polytheist in in Judea at this time they're not there's no Judaism yet it's a way that's
a helenistic thing and maybe Persian thing but in the sources it's a
helenistic thing there's no synagogue till 200 BCE not one so I'm just saying
like this is stuff that predates Genesis and
now by the way there's other words for man in Hebrew it's not Adam Adam is a is a is a
secondary term they don't say hey that Adam over there get him over here they said there's another word they use I
can't think of it right now uh it is I think it's
ish I should know that but I just forgot you're right yeah now now
can can you imagine Neil can you imagine now the the person who stepped up and
who is having to compose the Torah right in Greek right they're making this text
and they're trying to establish their own tradition that'll give them the
legitimacy that they need and what are they doing they're look at what you've done with Adam right they're borrowing
from the Greek tradition and trying to claim it right they're trying to to be
able to say okay it's appropriation right and they of course they have to because they're buried in Alexandria
with the with the boohemoth that is the Greek um tradition of history and drama
all sorts of lyric poetry they're buried by that so you can see that whoever
wrote it was trying to justify or create a culture right so um yeah we see that I
love the fact that what you're doing is you're looking at it from those texts and where they are in history it's it's
brilliant and you know nobody I know that this is a war baby for this
knowledge and nobody can stand against you when you just pull out those sources
like that I love it man I love it um congratulations on doing such a great
job I do want to ask you about your presentation I want to ask you um what was that I saw about you flashed it off
the screen real quick um you don't bring it back but it was something about erections with Adam something about
Adam's erection um do you think it's it's strange that they would be focusing
on it or isn't that just you know in the temples you know to the Muse we've got a
giant erect phus there right um that's part of the deal do they are you saying
that these people had their own Hermes and do you think those those statues of
Hermes with the erections on them that we see all over the roads right they're like mile markers right you've got a
Hermes there with a big erection that's what they are they're directionals for people because that they don't have GPS
you're not walking with a map in your hand because yeah it's it's you know what I mean so you walk around these Ro
follow the erections follow the FIS points to the way yeah yeah fantastic oh
I love it I love it okay I'm gonna give you the last word priapus is called The Good the agathos the good di AOS diamont
so love it God isn't that good people look what
look what okay I'm going to end it there because that was pure dessert right you can see that privacy wait but Neil I do
want to ask you you went you went to the Met yeah right and you saw the room with
all the Prius stuff just can you tell people one minute on that just there's
hundreds of thousands of these things not I'm not joking hundreds of thousands of these Prius statues that Greeks and
Romans and Egyptians and syrians all would put on their houses on their like
garden gnomes and these were because Prius is a symbol the phus and well PR
if you talk read about Prius in the orphic HS he's he's the last of the generation
from fies the uncreated one so sometimes the names hyphenated phies priapus
they're all one line of gods going from phies all the way through to dionisis
and then dianis and Aphrodite the two
most sacred gods and goddess of the Mysteries
dionisis and a Venus and bakus that's Lucifer baby that's the Morning Star you can't get a
better Union than that and they birth Prius priapus is the holy child of Venus
and bakus what how come no one ever talks about priapus well where where is he in the discussion of gods he needs
I'm bringing him out more because this is a big deal he's the child of Venus and bakus oh God you thran bastard what are
you doing you're going to ruin a all I love that I love that look at how deep
you are into that stuff you're not going to be able to come out of that man the way I am actually I'm Slavic so I kind
of am look it's your it's your your your own ancestors calling you right you know
what I mean oh my God okay I've chewy made a video that I want to show it's
the himym to Apollo just a short one and I want you to see because we um Neil
ended there on Lucifer right ended there on eosphoros and this is the house of
the Dawn Bringers phosphorus and phosphor phosphorus and phosphorus yes
yes right lightbringer good hit us chewy [Music]
[Music]
he [Music]
[Music] I bet you I bet you didn't know satanic
congregation that Apollo and pan were called the same in the ancient world
when you begin to understand that you you realize why it is that Apollo was the bakic Lord called the bakic Lord
love it Neil thank you so much for coming tonight I'm going to give you a last word anything you want to say and
then we're going to finish out with a little half of a music video from Ted
right Teddy Bass love it by the way Neil how do you like the music from Teddy Bass great Oh I thought you were playing
some like like some real produced some like pop I thought you were and you were
like no that's the dude we were talking to in the in the in the group no [__] that sounds amazing he sounds like a
real professional rapper and I was enjoying that [__] like I'll play that all day yeah yeah know he's he's fraking
orus man man I'm telling you he's so good to hear those lyrics oh my God yeah
the production quality that Teddy has is amazing and what I like most of all is
when I listen to songs it's always lyrics first and uh performing the Dy
Ros he's performing the Dy Ros yeah exactly well said brother well said well
said that was perfect thank you for coming tonight everybody and hail Satan
hail T take it to the Dream Big Wheel in the Sky shining Centurion dance with The
Muse pouring out the poison with the ones and twos hail Satan love timus at
the Greek picnics Bronze Age love affair honor the Lucifer shouting from the
rooftops I'm AA Haka Faria half Fria sugar Sweet Lea purple
green fantastic hot purple there's something to drink [__] what you think
you want the good stuff meet me at the phone Boo by the K Circle hot purple
slurple something in the dream at the greas BN something in the
drink something in the drink at the grief nck something in the
drink something in the drink